it's the Kitsch on this end there you go
perfect this side is shooting first
you guys must assume a defensive
position protect sensitive areas lunch
on Olli Rehn a high fire don't fire me
one shot define it don't let it to you
for free
don't do that over there one step for a
gentle step there we go
ready
you guys don't fire step forward nice to
him this time we're gonna do what we
call a double tap it's two shots
together everybody whoa the believer mom
get back in here we go double chop ready
you get to shoot again
[Applause]
[Music]
one time
[Applause]
come closer together hang on one two
three over together darling go you going
this side is shooting it's only one shot
this time free are you ready for that we
prefer not to you shoot
[Applause]
I'll put that up